build(docs): End support for CodeBlocks/scons by removing the build docs (#8714)
endless-sky/endless-sky: docs/readme-mingw.md

# Building with MinGW on Windows

Download the [MinGW Winlibs](https://winlibs.com/#download-release) build, which also includes various tools you'll need to build the game as well.

You'll need the MSVCRT runtime version, 64-bit. The latest version is currently gcc 13 ([direct download link](https://github.com/brechtsanders/winlibs_mingw/releases/download/13.1.0-16.0.2-11.0.0-msvcrt-r1/winlibs-x86_64-mcf-seh-gcc-13.1.0-mingw-w64msvcrt-11.0.0-r1.zip)).

Extract the zip file in a folder whose path doesn't contain a space (C:\ for example) and add the bin\ folder inside to your PATH (Press the Windows key and type "edit environment variables", then click on PATH and add it in the list).

> You will also need to install [CMake](https://cmake.org) (if you don't already have them).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will also need to install [CMake](https://cmake.org) (if you don't already have it).
```

## Code::Blocks

If you want to use the Code::Blocks IDE, from the root of the project folder run:

```powershell

> > cmake -G"CodeBlocks - Ninja" --preset mingw

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> cmake -G "CodeBlocks - Ninja" --preset mingw
```
I think this one needs a space.

```

> Now there will be a Code::Blocks project inside `build\mingw`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will create a Code::Blocks project inside `build\mingw`.
```
